Add limitations for Databricks doc (#3501)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-databricks.md

delivery](https://docs.databricks.com/clusters/configure.html#cluster-log-delivery-1).  Enable this
option before starting the cluster to capture the logs.

> ## Limitations

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add something at the very beginning of the getting started on data bricks doc rather than here.  We also have other text in here that mentioned AQE .  Perhaps also put in FAQ.  I think @jlowe  had some other ideas.

Reviewer 2: Agree this shouldn't be hidden at the end of the document.  I also think the [FAQ entry for DPP](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/blob/branch-21.10/docs/FAQ.md#is-dynamic-partition-pruning-dpp-supported) and the [FAQ entry for AQE](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/blob/branch-21.10/docs/FAQ.md#is-adaptive-query-execution-aqe-supported) should be updated.

Author: @jlowe  @tgravescs  I just added lines to mention DPP/AQE is not supported on databricks in FAQ. How is now?

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the FAQ entries, but this section is still hidden at the end of the doc which was the original issue raised by this comment.

Author: @jlowe  @sameerz  I put limitation section to top. How do you think now?

> 1. Adaptive query execution(AQE) and Delta optimization write do not work. 

Reviewer 2: I think it's important to emphasize here that queries may still see significant speedups even with AQE disabled.  Some users may see this and think, "well I run with AQE on, so this is a non-starter" which is not necessarily the case.

Author: @jlowe Just added one line for this. How about now?

> 1. Adaptive query execution(AQE) and Delta optimization write do not work. 
> [issue-1059](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/1059)
> 
> ```bash
> spark.databricks.delta.optimizeWrite.enabled false
> spark.sql.adaptive.enabled false
> ```
> 
> 2. Dynamic partition pruning(DPP) does not work.
> [issue-3143](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/3143)   
> 
> This results in poor performance for queries which should have benefit from DPP.
> 
> 3. A GPU driver node is required other than a CPU node.
> 
> 4. Cannot spin off multiple executors on a multi-GPU node. 
> 
> Databricks overrides the `spark.executor.resource.gpu.amount=1` even though 
> users set in Spark Configuration tab to `spark.executor.resource.gpu.amount=N` 
> where N is the number of GPUs per node. 
> This will result in failed executors when starting the cluster.
> 
> 5. Databricks makes changes to the runtime without notification.
> 
> [issue-3098](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/3098) is one example 
> and we have to fix it in our plugin once those types of issues are detected.
> 

Reviewer 3: Lists require paragraphs to be indented for the list to continue.  Made some suggestions on the text. 

```suggestion
1. Adaptive query execution(AQE) and Delta optimization write do not work.  These should be disabled
when using the plugin. See [issue-1059](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/1059) for more
detail. 

    ```bash 
    spark.databricks.delta.optimizeWrite.enabled false
    spark.sql.adaptive.enabled false
    ```

2. Dynamic partition pruning(DPP) does not work.  This results in poor performance for queries which
   would normally benefit from DPP.  See
   [issue-3143](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/3143) for more detail.

3. When selecting GPU nodes, Databricks requires the driver node to be a GPU node.  Outside of
   Databricks the plugin can operate with the driver as a CPU node and workers as GPU nodes.

4. Cannot spin off multiple executors on a multi-GPU node. 

	Even though it is possible to set `spark.executor.resource.gpu.amount=N` (where N is the number
    of GPUs per node) in the in Spark Configuration tab, Databricks overrides this to
    `spark.executor.resource.gpu.amount=1`.  This will result in failed executors when starting the
    cluster.

5. Databricks makes changes to the runtime without notification.

    Databricks makes changes to existing runtimes, applying patches, without notification.
	[Issue-3098](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/3098) is one example of this.  We run
	regular integration tests on the Databricks environment to catch these issues and fix them once
	detected.
```

delivery](https://docs.databricks.com/clusters/configure.html#cluster-log-delivery-1).  Enable this
option before starting the cluster to capture the logs.

## Limitations

1. Adaptive query execution(AQE) and Delta optimization write do not work. These should be disabled

> when using the plugin. 
> Though queries may still see significant speedups even with AQE disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when using the plugin. Queries may still see significant speedups even with AQE disabled.
```
